good friends we continue with the chery
face
as I said earlier when I showed you
the motor
unfortunately it is a model that in
Uruguay is not still selling and
continuing with the motor topic I 'm going to
show this low yale face chassis
its front design
tubular
I think I designed to support this
engine that looks like it would not have been
made to put it in this body
however do not get confused though
look like a design made in the background of
home
crushed tubes
I think it's very well done
because it gives it a rigidity
to the front train
look at the frame you designed
if you want to weird not
a design made to withstand this
to some wells and
well down here the kneecap that goes nailed
in the frame has no screws
the seat that said part of the pipe
its front structure
this is the engine
with a good aluminum carter with good
oil capacity
look up the catalyst right here
at the exit of the manifold escape well
close
what you see here is the alternator
other part of the tubular design the support
of the frame
what you see here in the bar
stabilizer
then the exhaust pipe the flexible
a a resonance chamber
the heat insulator for the floor and
other of the particularities as well
that his brother the cucu has a good
rust protection with a good shake
stone or anti painting the villa
and a structure that supports the floor with
an interesting crossbar
and then another of the things he has
plastic naphtha tank
like most cars
a rear train
of that rigid
with a bar
and stabilizer
that one in the body
the tip of the shaft then here can
observe a spiral
and separated from the spiral the shock absorber
Independent
of course he has drum brakes this
model comes with a a bs
another thing to highlight is the
quality of the silencer to be initial
and good in general terms this is the
face